Sync `kv:key get` with current `wrangler` flags (#10552)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/wrangler/commands.md

- `KEY` {{<type>}}string{{</type>}} {{<prop-meta>}}required{{</prop-meta>}}
  - The key value to get.
- `--binding` {{<type>}}string{{</type>}}
  - The binding name of the namespace, as stored in the `wrangler.toml` file, to get from.
- `--namespace-id` {{<type>}}string{{</type>}}
  - The ID of the namespace to get from.
- `--env` {{<type>}}string{{</type>}} {{<prop-meta>}}optional{{</prop-meta>}}
  - Perform on a specific environment.
- `--preview` {{<type>}}boolean{{</type>}} {{<prop-meta>}}optional{{</prop-meta>}}
  - Interact with a preview namespace instead of production.
- `--text` {{<type>}}boolean{{</type>}} {{<prop-meta>}}optional{{</prop-meta>}}

>   - Decode the returned value as a utf8 string

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Decode the returned value as a UTF-8 string.
```
